Notes:
Working with Kyle. He's started two companies. About 10 years ago, he got into the corporate world. Thought it sucked. He wanted to start a business. He then listed out what his businesses would be. He liked sports, video, technology, and officiating. He wanted to bring those altogether. Streaming video was new at the time he started his business. He wanted to do officiating training through streaming video. He built a software company that would take video of a sporting event and upload to the platform and break the video down. The official would watch moments and see what they were doing right or wrong. They created a platform with simple and easy to use tools where officials could work together and help each other improve. They need to practice. What these officials would traditionally do, when a coach burns their DVD, they would ask to burn one for them so they could watch and get better. This wouldn’t work well. Coaches wouldn’t send them or help. Online video streaming was going somewhere in 2010 so that's where he wanted to go as well. A place for officials to get better. Giving them a system for improvement. Zooom App (not Zoom) is what he created. 

There’s a gap in this officiating world. They solved the problem of video review and offering it to officials with Zooom App. Now, he wants to solve a new problem with: Refreps. New company started this summer. That's what we’re working on. We are tasked to build the backend. 

Let’s say you’re a new official and you want to be a tennis referee. How do I do that? They created a platform where you can look at tennis plays and see what happens during a play or game to learn from it. They have mentors as well. It also comes with modules teaching you the rules of tennis. Let's say they teach you all they know and you go to officiate your first tennis match. How do you think you’ll fair? It's your first match so you won’t do well. You’ve never practically applied your teachings in split seconds decisions. You’ve never seen it in real time. There’s a gap there. What they've developed point of view video for all kinds of sports. They’ll teach you the rules and press box videos, and now they're getting video from the point of view from the officials. Now you actually see what the officials see. And now they watch that video and make a call. And then they tell you whether you did it right or not. It’ll break it all down. Now they help you practically apply it. 

What we are building is a few different things. They have the game engine done. We need to build the database and tracking of analytics. They need to be able to login, and track where they are at in the models. When the game turns off, the lessons reset. It is built with unity and Kinect SDK. In unity, if we want to build a new lesson, everything is hardcoded. He’s got the raw video, the signals you make, and the right/wrong video. He’s looking for a way to create a lesson management system. He wants to have a portal and it will talk to steam which will pull from. The top priority, the portal where he can build lessons. He wants to be able to make these lessons and have them be uploaded into the game without needing a unity developer to help. The analytics is not the priority and is an admin side feature. That will just be for administered use for the company. The User side would be storing progress. Gamifying things. 

3 things - video side, user, and admin. Priority in that order. Not many restrictions - anything is on the table. Consider it a startup. He wants the application to be offline. But it can pull the content when it needs to. Creating communication tools to upload and make lessons.
